[TBBAS-1057][TBBAS-1157] Support input ports in readers. Use Block reader in classifier fb (#77)
openDAQ/openDAQ: docs/Antora/modules/background_info/pages/readers.adoc

As the Reader receives the xref:background_info:signals.adoc[Signal] as a parameter it must first establish a xref:background_info:data_path.adoc#connection[Connection] to it.
To perform this, the Readers usually create an internal xref:glossary:glossary.adoc#input_port[Input Port] to which they connect the passed-in Signal to form a Connection and start to listen to the port events.

> A Reader can also be created with an existing input port. In this case, it won't create an internal input port but will instead use the existing one.

Reviewer: I'd add a note that this is most often used inmodule implementations where ports are attached to the openDAQ component tree within an "Input ports" folder (likely below a Function block/Channel).

[#available_packets_callback]
* `setOnDataAvailable(callback)` assigns a callback function to be called when the Reader has available data packets xref:glossary:glossary.adoc#on_data_available[On Data Available] event packet.
With this callback, the user can automatically read data from reader. More details on how this is handled can be found in the xref:handling_on_data_available[Handling on Data Available] section below.

In addition to these two operations, Readers also define their own methods to read data. These __read__ calls usually follow the <<example-read>> where two functions `read` and `readWithDomain` are defined.

[#example-read]
.Read calls function signature
[source,cpp,caption="Example {counter:example-nr:1.} "]
----
ReaderStatusPtr read(void* values, std::size_t* count);
ReaderStatusPtr readWithDomain(void* values, void* domain, std::size_t* count);
----
The way to use the read calls is to have a memory buffer of a desired size and type pre-allocated.
Then you pass it into the call where it will get filled with at maximum `count` elements.

> The Reader returns a ReaderStatusPtr object, indicating whether the reading process was successful or if there is an event packet that needs to be handled. Moreover, if the data type has changed, the Reader will include in the status whether the new type is convertible by the Reader or not.

Reviewer: How should we handle this?

No additional processing is done except to advance the reading position if required.
====

[#handling_on_data_available]
=== Handling Data Available

> When the Reader is notified about new packets, each packet follows its own logic to determine whether it should trigger the `onDataAvailable` function or not. Currently, the Stream reader, Packet reader, and Multi reader trigger the callback with any packet. The Tail reader triggers the callback if the total number of samples is not less than the history size. The Block reader will trigger the callback if there is an available amount of samples for one block. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Reader is notified about new packets, each packet follows its own logic to determine whether it should trigger the `onDataAvailable` function or not. Currently, the Stream reader, Packet reader, and Multi reader trigger the callback when any packet arrives at the Reader's input port. 

The Tail reader triggers the callback if the total number of samples is greater than the history size. 

The Block reader will trigger the callback if there is enough available samples for one block. 
```

The callback has no input arguments. Reader accepts callback of type IProcedure which has no input arguments and returns nothing.

.The user callback signature
[source,cpp]
----
void callback()
[optionalCapturedArguments]() -> void {}
----

[#handling_descriptor_changed]
=== Handling a Descriptor changed event
Whenever the xref:background_info:signals.adoc[Signal] information changes, it sends an xref:glossary:glossary.adoc#event_packet[Event Packet] with and id of xref:background_info:packets.adoc#descriptor_changed[`"SIGNAL_DESCRIPTOR_CHANGED"`].
This event contains new xref:background_info:signals.adoc[Data Descriptor]s for both value and domain data.
The processing of event packets in our system occurs dynamically through the reader, not immediately upon reception, but rather during the reading process.

> To illustrate, consider a scenario with a queue containing 10 packets. One of these is an event packet positioned in the middle, while the remaining packets are data packets, each containing two samples. In a user scenario where reading up to 10 packets is requested, the event packet will not be included in the processing list. However, if the user attempts to read more than 10 samples, the reader will return 10 samples, update the types of internal readers, and provide a reading status. This status will include information about the event packet, and whether the reader can convert new data or not.

Reviewer: Example would be great here.
